# Code

```c
#include <stdio.h>
#include <stdlib.h>
#include <stdint.h>

uint64_t task5(uint64_t dividend,uint64_t divisor,int64_t *quotient,uint64_t *remainder)

{
  uint64_t err_state = 1;  
  *quotient = 0;

  if (divisor != 0) {
    if (divisor <= dividend) {
      do {
        dividend = dividend - divisor;
        *quotient += 1;
      } while (divisor <= dividend);
    }
    *remainder = dividend;
    err_state = 0;
  }
  return err_state;
}
```

# Description

The function calculates the integer division between two numbers, returning both quotient and remainder.  
The dividend and divisors are passed as arguments (both uint64_t), as well as pointers to quotient and remainder (int64_t* for quotient, uint64_t* for remainder).   
Quotient and remainder are both passed by reference, in order to allow "returning" both values.  
For sake of simplicity, modifications to the areas of memory quotient and remainder point to will be referred to as modification of quotient and remainder. The value of the pointer, however, is never modified; only the pointed value is.  
The function initializes quotient to 0 and the 'err_state' variable to 1.  
The first operation performed is the check of the divisor: if it is not != 0, the function returns with error_state = 1.  
In case of non-0 divisor, the 'err_state' variable is set to 0 at the end of the calculations, and then returned.  
When performing the division, it is first checked if the divisor is smaller than the dividend; if this is not the case, remainder is set to the value of dividend and the function returns.  
If the divisor is smaller than the dividend, a while loop start: in each step, the dividend is decreased by the value of the divisor, and the quotient is increased by 1.  
At the end of the loop, the remainder is set to the remaining value of the dividend.  
The 'err_state' is finally returned, always with the value of 0 unless a division by 0 was attempted.
